[THEME MUSIC]
>> Close your eyes and feel
all of the tension in the body
and in the mind that is
connected with your model about
what this moment is about.
Getting here, the
beginning, what you want.
Ask yourself
silently, what is it I
really want out of this moment?
How would I like to be what
is keeping me from being
that way at this moment?
But if some real change
were to happen to us,
maybe we have to
empty the cup in order
to allow it to be filled.
Maybe we have to let go.
We've done it.
We've gotten here, now we
can let go of that phase.
And we can just open to what is.
Because maybe the
true growth will not
follow our expectations,
and maybe your wanting mind
will block you from
receiving just that food
that you hunger for.
Take another slow, deep breath.
And on the out-breath,
just let go
of all of our models and
plans and expectations, fears,
and just taste of this moment.
We are a group of beings,
sharing consciousness,
sharing our hearts, sharing
the roadmaps of our journeys.
What we are here for is
transformation of being,
not the collecting
of experiences.
For no matter how many
experiences we collect,
it will never be enough.
But we the experiencer will
always be a breath away
from this moment.
So we're diving into an
ocean beyond the separation
of experiencer and experience.
The notion that has
very little form.
Listen to this sutra
from the Dao De Jing,
which concerns this moment.
They call it elusive,
and say that one looks
but it never appears.
They say, indeed it
is rare since one
listens but never a sound.
Subtle, they call it.
And say that one grasps
it but never gets hold.
At rising, it does
not illuminate.
At setting, no darkness ensues.
It stretches far back to
that nameless state which
existed before the creation.
Describe it as
form yet unformed,
as shape that is
still without shape,
or say it is vagueness confused.
One meets it, and
it has no front.
One follows it, and
there is no rear.
And yet if you hold ever fast
to this most ancient way,
you may govern today.
Call truly this knowledge
of primal beginnings, a clue
to the way.
You can open your
eyes and relax.
[MUSIC PLAYING]